Adds user-facing support docs for Airtable (#612)
gristlabs/grist-help: help/en/docs/imports.md

   values from the imported file.
 - Unchanged records have no highlighting. Field values that exist in the destination table,
   but are blank in the imported file, are distinguished by a light gray font color.

## Import from Airtable

> Airtable bases can be imported directly into a new Grist document or added as new tables within an existing document.

Author: ```suggestion
Airtable bases can be imported directly into a new Grist document or added as new tables through a separate method that keeps your data's relationships intact.
```
